hey-ya, ah, ha-hey-hey-hey-yah
hey-yah, ah-ha ooh
ooh-oo-hoo, ah-ha ha yeah
hey-ya ah-ha
ah-ha ha yeah
ooh-oo-hoo
he hey-ya
hey-ya ah-ha he hey-ya ah-ha ooh
ooh-oo-hoo
he hey-ya ah hey-ya ah-ha ooh
hey-ya ah-ha
ooh
ah-ha ah yeah
hey ya ah ha
ooh
ah ha ha yeah ah
he-hey-ya, he-hey-ya, oooh ah-ha, yeah
ooh-hoo-hoo
ah-ha ha yeah
voodoo voodoo voodoo ray
voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo ray ray
voodoo ray
voodoo voodoo voodoo ray
later
voodoo ray
hey-ya ooh ah-ha ha yeah
voodoo voodoo ray
later
voodoo ray
voodoo voodoo voodoo ray
ah-ha
voodoo ray
ooh hoo ooh
voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo ray
ah-ha ha yeah
voodoo ray
ah-ha
voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo ray
hey-ya hey hey hey-ya hey ya ah ah-ha yeah
ooh ooh ooh ah ah ah yeah
hey hey hey ya hey hey ya
later
hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey ya
ooh ooh ooh ah ah ah yeah
later
now now now back to modern times times times
hey ya ooh ooh ah ah ah haa yeah yeah
ooh ooh ooh ah ah ah yeah
voodoo ray
hey ya ooh ooh ah ah ah haa yeah yeah
ooh ooh ooh ah ah ah yeah
voodoo ray
voodoo voodoo voodoo ray
voodoo vooodoo voodoo voodoo ray
voodoo ray
later
la la la later
voodoo ray
ooh ooh ooh ah ah ah yeah
hey ya hey hey hey hey ya hey ya
voodoo ray
hey ya ooh ooh ah ah ah haa yeah yeah
ooh ooh ooh ah ah ah yeah
voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo voodoo ray
hey ya ooh ooh ah ah ah haa yeah yeah
voodoo ray
oooooohh
hahahahahaha